Stop!
Get out!
Are you okay?
I'm fine
Don't blame Xiao Yuan
Take her to the hospital.
Yes
You
look at yourself
You've been bewitched by that woman!
Xiao Yuan, you are so reckless
After all these years abroad,
you've learned nothing
You're lecturing me, but what about you?
What's so good about that woman?
She's only after your money
How can you not see through a woman like that?
You're blind
I think you're the one who's blind
Everyone knows what kind of person Zhang Wen Xu is
You're the only fool who keeps rushing in
Everything about Wen Xu
was spread by that woman
She deliberately defamed him
She's just after Wen Xu's money
Rumors
Jian Dao used to be the heiress of Jian An
If it weren't for meeting Zhang Wen Xu
You alone couldn't compare to her
Why do you insist on defaming him?
She's with Wen Xu
only for his money
Li Xiao Yuan, are you brain-damaged?
You'd rather believe Zhang Wen Xu
than your own brother
Alright
You're saying it's all Wen Xu's fault
Where's the proof?
Proof
Fine
Li Xiao Yuan
don't regret this